docs/cheatsheet.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Cheat Sheet
---
# Java Cheat Sheet
[Java Cheat Sheet](https://quickref.me/java)

# WPILIB Cheat Sheet
## Commands
Commands can be created in multiple ways. 
- As a class in a dedicated file ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2024Robot/blob/main/src/main/java/frc/robot/commands/drivetrain/LockWheelsState.java))
- They can also be created from within a subsystem with `this.run()` or `this.run_once()` ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2024Robot/blob/f5001c29fe566a391c225b51ecd9b3a94f114b5d/src/main/java/frc/robot/subsystems/Arm.java#L224))
- This can also be run from outside of a subsystem with `Commands.run()` or `Commands.run_once()`
- By creating a new `InstantCommand()`
- additional instructions can be added on with `andThen()`
Commands created in their own class can be used by creating an instance of that class. Commands created with `this.run()` in a subsystem can be returned in a function ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2023Robot/blob/c20cb360442556252a7e746540ee881309c408a3/src/main/java/frc/robot/subsystems/Arm.java#L233-L235))

Commit message:

add calling commands information to cheat sheet

docs/cheatsheet.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Cheat Sheet
---
# Java Cheat Sheet
[Java Cheat Sheet](https://quickref.me/java)

# WPILIB Cheat Sheet
## Project Structure
- `RobotContainer.java` is the center of the robot code. It is responsible for creating subsystems and bindings for commands. 
- Subystems are directly responsible for their part of the robot. They are the only part of the code with direct access to the motors. They are controlled through commands and functions.
- Commands minipulate the subsystem and are the only thing that can be bounded to controllers.

## Commands
### Commands can be created in multiple ways. 
- As a class in a dedicated file ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2024Robot/blob/main/src/main/java/frc/robot/commands/drivetrain/LockWheelsState.java))
- They can also be created from within a subsystem with `this.run()` or `this.run_once()` ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2024Robot/blob/f5001c29fe566a391c225b51ecd9b3a94f114b5d/src/main/java/frc/robot/subsystems/Arm.java#L224))
- This can also be run from outside of a subsystem with `Commands.run()` or `Commands.run_once()`
- By creating a new `InstantCommand()`
- additional instructions can be added on with `andThen()`
Commands created in their own class can be used by creating an instance of that class. Commands created with `this.run()` in a subsystem can be returned in a function ([example](https://github.com/roboblazers7617/2023Robot/blob/c20cb360442556252a7e746540ee881309c408a3/src/main/java/frc/robot/subsystems/Arm.java#L233-L235))

### Calling Commands
- Commands can be called by binding them to button on the controllers
  `controller.x().onTrue(arm.Stow());`
  - Conditionals can also be added
    `controller.x().and(() -> isSafeToStowArm()).onTrue();`
  - They must be boolean suppliers
  - Other triggers like `whileTrue()` and `onFalse()` are available.
